hey
Hahahahahahaha laugh at it
Hey, the date of this wedding is too tight.
if not
It’s more expensive if my mother decides to go out and dress you.
It's a pity to think about it
Just those new fabrics
I didn’t even have time to make some more clothes for you.
Oh my mother, Liu Fu doesn’t lack these at all.
Keep it for yourself and make nice clothes.
Good-looking, good-looking
Oops
Listen to my brother
My sister-in-law is getting married, right?
look at this
They are all new girls
Your sister-in-law was so scared that she was so scared that you looked at her a lot.
That would be the case too
Haha, I have something that I don’t mean to say.
Oh, tell me quickly.
My dear sister-in-law
Can't answer
What are you talking nonsense about?
You don't like my sister-in-law, right?
Where do you start talking about this?
Tell the truth
This is Liu Fugui’s family
He doesn't have a son
Lianmai, forget it if you like to meddle in other people's business.
You even have to take care of my marriage
How can you not see me like this?
I just think that this matter has some time to think about
That’s why I came to remind you
Yes, yes, I think my sister is right.
This important wedding event should not be taken too hastily.
How about we ask around first?
The boss also said that he would pass at 15.
I think it's a bit too rushed
It's better to figure it out. Oh daddy.
You agreed to this marriage
You said you would go and inquire now
What if someone from the Liu family finds out?
I thought we couldn’t trust people
What should I do if it messes up the marriage?
that is
Tell me, if there is no Mr. Liu, who is this person?
Do you think Liu's Mansion is a small courtyard?
How many people are there in the family?
How is it possible to explain this clearly to ordinary people like us?
Moreover
This is the beauty that my eldest brother has guaranteed to me personally.
Can't Big Brother destroy us?
My sister-in-law is so guarded against others.
You don’t even know An Niang
I will marry this husband Liu Xiu
It’s not easy to agree on such a marriage
Let's talk about this big family.
listen
Who would mess up this marriage for me casually?
I'm not done with him
Okay, let's go, let's go
Grandma is gone. It’s too urgent. Shut up.
Go back and rest, shut up
go back
Then sit down and be obedient
don't listen to him
Then you are lying to your parents and Xiu.
Who is Mr. Liu?
The government has to give him some thin noodles.
Is this what he said?
In our family, we have to marry even if we are showing off.
Even if you don’t want to marry, you have to marry
The implication
It's not a matter of whether I lose my official position or not.
If you don't say it, you'll lose your life.
Then this gold foreign company
We can't forgive you
I have difficulty with the left side
I dare not say a word no to Boss Liu
Our parents here need to know how to sit down with their sleeves bent
He can't nod either.
blindness
It can only be a lie
You said that if you knew about this show
He must not make trouble
Then if you don't want to get married later,
Mr. Liu, I can’t control that much anymore.
As long as it's before getting married
There was no failure in this matter
As soon as the person was carried into Liu's house
I'll do the job
But he still has to know after he goes in
You said Xiuer him?
Can we start from this point, people with brains are alive, right?
Once married to the Liu family
After a few good days, he will naturally think about it.
Hey, Mr. Liu said it
Just show off and get married
Luxurious food and clothing
Popular and spicy drinks
Hey, I think this is not a bad thing.
Oh, may the Buddha bless you.
Don't go on any business trip, okay, okay, okay
Stop being so verbose.
How much money does our family have?
You can't take away all that verbosity, right?
This may not be high
Anyway, give Xiu some points.
It's Liu Jiaju who he wants to marry
In case things slip up, hey
I don’t think he hates me that much.
This this
This, this, this
What's going on?
I'm helping you in front of Fifth Master
Said a lot of good things
Master Liu, I'm already in there
Those with seals
Don’t rush in and take a look at this errand.
optimistic
Why not salt?
go inside
Everything is here
Boss Cao
Just follow the route on this map
Send the goods over
Be sure to pay attention to safety on the road
After taking you to the place
Take this jade sign
Someone will come to pick up the goods
If you save it and come back, you have to return it to me.
Feel free to leave a message
One more thing I want to remind you
Never open the box
What should and should not be done?
I have my own sense of proportion
why it should be a wild cat running around
Once it’s done, my next cup of tea will still be yours.
Can't handle it well
Song Haikun is a good example
I understand
The boss in this business
Everyone is staring at this big deal that Wu Ye rewarded
Please rest assured Mr. Liu
I definitely don't experience any fatigue
It's eating iron ore
Eat iron ore
Hematite is a rare stone used for forging weapons.
Moreover, the imperial court strictly prohibited the folk temples with four colors
Why did this middle-aged man send grass?
Is it possible that I would rather lean back?
That's right
The only way to circumvent the imperial court is to seize the heavyweights privately.
Mining and breaking weapons
I would rather be Hou Langzi
Afraid of rebellion
I thought that Jingyang Company was only involved in reselling Siyan
I didn’t expect to resell Siyan
just a layer of smoke
Boss Cao is not a delivery person at all.
It's his middle-aged five-year-old mine transporter
Mingxiu plank road
Darkness Chencang
OK
It's enough for you to think deeply about it
It would have been like this a long time ago
We should continue to follow Boss Cao
Go and have a look at the garrison station behind Ningyuan.
Don’t look at it if our Wood Temple breaks into the military camp without permission
was discovered
He also knows how to kill green snakes
It's more difficult to stab in the back
So what should we do in the hot summer?
If you can escape
Once he does, the military consequences will be disastrous
Would rather the queen is powerful
If there is no governance
It would be difficult for officials to punish him publicly
This is urgent
We still have to start from this unparalleled experience
Only found the mine
Only then do you have a chance to find the municipal government
What's wrong
sad-faced
But have you settled the matter for your sister-in-law?
what happened
Where are the collaborators?
Promised marriage to his sister-in-law
The person to be married is Liu Fugui’s son
But you also know how Liu Fugui has a son.
Your uncle is really quite capable.
Hui Hui cheats his own family
Grandma is not very thoughtful
Since you have advised me
There's nothing they can do if they don't listen.
Let's play demon chess
yes
It's not safe. They blame you for being nosy.
You were right
My little sister-in-law has hit the south wall.
at this point
can only hope for things
Not as bad as I thought
What about after marrying into the Liu family?
It can't be like home.
You have to pay more attention to everything
Wait until the Liu family
Don't get off the sedan in a hurry
Don't rush into the house either
Wait until you finish spreading the beans, mother.
I'm all about to get married.
Not a child anymore
Are you in your mother's eyes?
Always a little girl hum
You said you were going to get married soon
Mother
I just married into the town
Not far from our home
We can still walk around each other when we have time.
Can the Liu family allow you to come and go as you please?
I am Mrs. Liu Jiashao
Don't talk about walking around
Even if I take your two elders to live here,
That won't be a problem either
That’s my daughter, she’ll be Mrs. Shao, look.
Come on hahahaha
up
A little higher, a little higher would be better
congratulations
Your family is very happy today, hahahaha
Is it behind?
Why
Xipo, all the bridesmaids are here.
Where is the groom?
Oh right
My senior officials are waiting for their daughter-in-law at home.
Ha ha
this
oops
Where is this groom's official?
You can't see the groom for the first time. Oops.
This happy day
Guys, please don’t misunderstand and get angry, haha
We definitely don’t mean to neglect the girl.
just because of mom
Although our family is not a big one,
But there should be no lack of rules in a married family.
If the groom doesn’t come, we won’t get married.
Hello
Our small door and small household
Who knows the rules of a wealthy family?
perhaps
Is there something particular about it?
Or do masters and servants know better?
This is not like the previous one
My senior official went to Taiyi Temple to find the Taoist Priest.
I took a look at the horoscopes
The Taoist priest said
Our girls
Is born to be rich and auspicious
Hahaha
That's for sure, haha, but that's it
What a coincidence
It just so happens that my family is a high-ranking official.
He is too old this year
I'm afraid I'll bump into the girl
This happy event is not beautiful
So Zhuo Laoshen brought him to the house to welcome the bride.
Haha, but don’t worry, everyone
My high-ranking official has not expressed his sincerity
Except for betrothal gift
In addition, several boxes of gold and silver silk and satin were presented.
Haha come and see
Hahaha
Hahahaha oops
So much, oh, that’s a lot of money, hahahaha
Silently
Although the gift from this noble lady is expensive,
But my sister-in-law is also the apple of the family’s eye.
How could the marriage be so hasty?
It’s better to invite Mr. Liu to come and pick up the bride.
Man is right
This matter has nothing to do with gold, silver and satin
We don't sell our daughters
That
Grandma has made it very clear
You, a junior, are still contradicting your elders here
Can you bear the thought of missing your sister-in-law’s time?
Isn’t it?
Our Liu family is a big and respectable family.
Can you still praise the girl?
Haha, don’t worry, guys
Our senior officials have said
Waiting for the return home
I will also prepare a big gift
Send it to the girl's house
simply ridiculous
Okay, stop talking.
You junior
Talking about elders
Is this true?
Ah, that's right
Look at how many betrothal gifts they have given me
Which girl from all over the country can compare with me?
Did you look at what I said?
Don't delay, hurry up, mother.
Serve tea hahahaha
Recompense from confidants
Thank you dad for your years of upbringing.
Waiter
You don’t have to stay at home after you get married
These four words, virtuous and kind, must never be forgotten.
Hope your husband will raise your son
Peace and happiness for a lifetime
Daughter urgently asks for advice from father
you know hey
daughter in law
Mom has nothing to say
It would be nice to get married
Mom feels at ease
Mom, take care of yourself too
My daughter will get married now
The auspicious time has arrived
The bride comes out of the cabinet
Just get married like this
ah
Hibo
Have you seen this Mr. Liu?
You are a friendly person who is easy to get along with.
Mr. Liu is a kind man.
He's a very easygoing person
I promise to love you very much, my wife, from now on.
Hahaha
Isn’t this spirit going to spread its bones?
What kind of bones are you throwing away?
Wow, these are the rules of a wealthy family.
It’s really different from our village.
Oh right
I haven't worshiped yet, so why should I go to the bedroom first?
Just stay here for now
You should let me rest here first.
oops
who are you
Who are you marrying now?
who am I
You're not that eh
The one I want to marry is Young Master Liu.
what are you doing here
Let you be Liu Pu directly
Grandpa’s legacy is not better
ah
ah ah me you
you give me
ah
at my place
Where do you want to run?
Don't come here
Come here again
I will die for you
Ahhh
ah
Ah ah ah ah help people
Ahhh
let me go
I won't go, I don't love
I don't I don't refuse
Let me go and save my life
Help, let me go
Just a country girl
I got so many benefits from me
Still pretending in front of me
Stay here for me
Think it over before you go out.
Lock me up, right?
Grandpa, don’t send people over there to cause trouble.
I want your mistress to come over quickly
Hmm hmm
Fifth Master is so late
What's the emergency if you take my place?
sit
What's wrong with the hand?
Oh, Wu Yuan, you are laughing.
Xin Na's concubine has a bit of a fierce temper
I just taught you a lesson.
Shangfeng gave instructions from the heart
Said our shipment was too slow
to speed up progress
Are you so urgent all of a sudden?
May
It's not that we are lazy
Our current mining route
But just to avoid the crowd
I took the mountain road that loops northwest
Come down this time
Say less for half a month
don't speed up progress
Then we can only go to the eastern front where there are many people.
But there is no way to avoid the villages there.
Just this thing
Don’t avoid people’s eyes and ears anymore
What if this is revealed?
But it's a big deal
If there is no one here
There is no need to avoid it
What does Wu Ye mean?
Bring people in the guild
Call everyone
clear
right here
Mr. Wu, you plan to move the area east of Jinyang County
Buy everything within a 20-mile radius.
That's a house thirteen miles away
Hutao Xingsheng and other dozens of villages
Mr. Wu is really a generous person.
What kind of deal is this?
How about using such a big place?
Mr. Wu invites everyone here today
I just want to see who can take the initiative to acquire land.
Several villages in this area of ​​Wuye
Where have the villagers here lived for generations?
Let these people take them away
sell you the village
Easier said than done
Even if we have these
There's no such benefit
Dare to ask Mr. Wu
What will you use it for after you collect it?
You just need to reply to me
Can you please take this matter down?
No need to ask anything else
Who can handle this matter?
next cup of tea
It's also his
Hmm, that's a good thing
Boss Zhang, why don't you give it a try?
I want to kill Wu Yan
I am willing to serve you
good
Then let me see what the boss is capable of.
Wait for my good news
Can any young person be qualified?
Should you do it, or should I do it?
We are ready to transform our industry
Dad, let's think about it carefully.
You go and fight for one like this
if i don't go
Someone will still go
Only when you become a new spouse will you have the opportunity to receive airdrops.
It's easy for us
Is it just to drink this cup of tea?
What do you think?
Report from the balcony
After all, that is Miss Lian’s home.
But I would feel uncomfortable if I knew
So you can’t help but love
oops
yeah
Come on, what are you doing?
Wait for your sister-in-law to come back.
You said this has been going on for three days?
Mom
Is there anything going on?
Uncle
Hey, come here
Mother
You guys are chatting here
Xiu, why didn't he come back?
Ah, maybe she just got married
Busy etiquette
I'll come to see you after I finish my work in a few days
Let's talk in the house
I have to finish such a big thing before returning home.
This Liu Fu doesn’t really understand you, tell me.
Children answer questions on everything
This is all the elders' business. Why are you meddling in it?
Go get water
Mom, please don’t interrupt me and your old man.
Give me a chance
But when will the show come back?
Didn't I tell you?
I'll come back and see you after you're done with these few days.
Hey mother, watch this movie
The Liu Mansion gave it to me. Oops.
These are all good things
People have said
When I came back, I brought all the gifts back.
The Fulin Party is obedient and returns to duty
It’s not a waste of money
This gift house is really nice to us.
Can't stand the grievance hahaha
Why
Delivering food, yes
Shopkeeper Ai Lin
Why haven’t I seen Boss Shen come to the restaurant recently?
Okay, does he want anything else?
Do you have anything to do with him?
Er, this is what he promised to boss Jing Yanghang before
The food delivered is for Mr. Cao, who runs the shop.
This is for Boss Liu’s house
This is Boss Liu’s dish
I'll go with you to see him off, okay
This is the shopkeeper's
Hey stop stop stop stop
What are you doing
one move
First, the restaurant guy comes to deliver hot spring vegetables to Boss Liu.
How did I not hear it being said
Then I need the boss to send a message.
Yeah, boss
It's from North Korea, right?
Yes, this is our shopkeeper
One look at the girl and it turns out she is not a servant doing menial work.
It turns out that the head shopkeeper is here.
I need Lao Lian, the shopkeeper, to go there in person. Big brother is here to see me
Our boss Shen and Liu Ye were traveling together in Jingyang.
Just some side dishes
It's nothing hahaha, take it to the kitchen
Yes, wait a minute
Just put this dish here.
I'll ask them to come and move it in a while
Don't go in any further
Hey, our tourist resort is really weird.
Your courtyard is better than other ordinary courtyards hahaha
Hey, I heard that our tourist office has a happy event recently.
Can I ask for some wedding candy from my eldest brother to cheer you up?
happy event
Um
Oh hi this is
Oh, what kind of happy event is this? Uh-huh.
Isn't it just that my grandpa married another woman outside?
The little girl is just back
Not surprised anymore
puss
That's the one who infiltrated on the 5th.
I just want there to be something happy for our Liu family
You must be inviting people from the guild to a wedding banquet.
It doesn't look like a serious affair
Hahaha, that’s why
Why would my master do such a thing?
There's a big banquet
Right? Well, what's more?
She's still a country girl who doesn't know how to appreciate others.
Listen to your tone
The new girl has spent money, so don’t leave a message.
Just the first day after entering the house
It was a row all night long
Grandpa is angry
Throw him directly into the woodshed
Are you still tearing things apart now?
But this girl
What a stubborn person
He doesn't have enough food and salt.
Everything that was given to him to eat and drink was smashed out.
Wouldn't that implicate those of us who work?
Who says it's not?
I like this dish
Is the delivery almost done?
The shopkeeper is so small that he doesn't keep any distinguished guests.
Go to hell
Hey, who comes over, comes over, comes over?
What you spend all day long is either peanuts or beans.
Can you give me something meaty?
Go, go, go
Oh, I have to eat this too
Want to come back?
Come to our house for dinner
mom
Sister Yan
Neither of them are here
Are you looking for 13?
Yes, it’s the cold season right now
I took some medicine and asked him to keep it by his side.
Why haven't you seen a girlfriend with this face recently?
Didn’t you just join a few banks? Maybe you are busy?
2500 Sister
Something happened to my sister-in-law
Do you remember what I told you before?
This Liu Fugui probably doesn’t have a son.
I think it's a coincidence
Just in the name of delivering food
I went to Liu Fu and asked about it.
really
Little story: I was tricked by my uncle into giving it to Liu Fugui
My little girl
My sister-in-law made a fuss when she found out what happened.
Offline has been locked up
Uncle
How could you deceive our whole family?
Tell grandma quickly
Let’s go to the Liu Mansion to ask for someone. Oh no, no, no.
Let's bite people rashly now
It will definitely not be given to us
Don't let us go over and make things worse.
No one wants it
Instead, he angered Liu Fugui's sister-in-law.
Liu Fugui, can he still kill his sister-in-law?
That's impossible to say
That Liu Fugui can make his uncle cheat into marriage?
He can also run rampant in Jing Bank.
Definitely not a camellia
This little girl is my lifeblood
Grandma will definitely go to Liu Fu to make trouble if she finds out.
So don't tell anyone else in the family
Wow
Mom, we can't just let it go.
I haven't figured it out yet
I want to go home
Want to be so stingy
I thought his strong temper was quite interesting.
oops
ah
I don’t have idle people in my house.
Either you take good care of me
Either you will risk your life, think about it yourself
Don't leave. I want to go home. I don't want to be a young lady.
ah
Home is almost gone
Where are you going? What do you mean?
When you come back, make it clear
Why is the holiday gone?
You come back and tell me clearly
Why is my home gone?
Ahhhhh
ah
What is this? Please write it quickly.
listen
Send to the government
What is this
What is written here?
Write about foreign trade
It's the big chamber of commerce in town
Want to buy land in our village?
Buy a piece of land and have a look.
Not only land
Let’s also talk about our courtyard house
How will we live from now on?
Hey, hey, people said it was bought with money.
If we have money, we can live in the town.
Isn't this a good thing?
You don't understand, don't make fun of me
We farmers, what do you rely on to make a living in the town?
Yes, oh, yes
It’s not enough to buy a new house just by buying a bungalow.
You have to give them enough money to live and do business.
Then I will sell my house and basement
I don't care enough about this money
No matter how much money you give me, I won’t go
Our ancestors have been here for generations
Follow me here too
well said
Ah, well said
You don't go this day
If you want to go, you can go
Oh, daddy, hey, you are finally back.
Sister Yue'er told me what's going on?
As soon as the land acquisition notice came out today,
The folks have no idea
This is agreed
There are also people who won’t do it even to death.
I tore this notice right up.
Why don't I call you back quickly?
Let's discuss together what to discuss
Nothing to discuss
Not for sale
During the day, I heard that we would split a large sum of money.
Dad, please think about it
When we have money
You can also go to town and manage a house, right?
Dad, we didn’t even get together last time Big Brother took office, right?
Let's go to town together this time
Everyone is gathered
Don’t you often say
This whole family needs to be gathered together
shit
If you go to town with your elder brother, you will be moving to your own home.
It’s because of your anchor brother
Now the land is sold
If someone kicks you out, your roots will be gone.
This is called becoming homeless and leaving one's homeland.
Can this be the same?
The third child says a few words
Of course I listen to dad
Sell ​​it if dad says to sell it
Dad said not to sell
I won't sell it
Second child
Several generations of our family have relied on this
land revenue
Although this is not considered rich
But life can be considered peaceful
You can't destroy your roots
OK
Since what dad said
I also listen to my father.
I just went to inquire about it
This is not just our village
Several villages nearby are also fighting over each other.
I heard that Jingyangxing's methods are very good.
Many are unwilling to sell
They were forced to sell all the land.
It's Jing Yangxing who's throwing it away
on
god of
wine that becomes spring rain